chore: pre release for 1.1.6 (#182)
emqx/emqx-operator: RELEASE.md

## Release Note 🍻

> - Set default resource for containers

Reviewer: This is a new feature? I didn't see a PR for this

Author: This is not a feature,just changes.

Reviewer: Plz show code for me

- Remove the `LifeCycleProbe` for `Telegraf` container

> - Delete `RunAsNonRoot` for default `SecurityContext`

Author: done

## Release Note 🍻
### Fixes 🛠

> - Fix Permission Error while deploy `EMQX Cluster` on `EKS`、`ACK` or other platsforms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix Permission Error while deploy `EMQX Custom Resource ` on `EKS`、`ACK` or other platforms
```

### Features 🌈

> - Add `SecurityContext` for `CR`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `SecurityContext` for `EMQX Custom Resource`, in order to solve the Permission Denied  when deployed on on `EKS`、`ACK` or other cloud platform
```
